Introduction:
As a MEAN Stack Developer, the task at hand is to deploy an Angular application on a Docker container hosted on an AWS EC2 instance. This deployment will enable other developers to access and modify the application as needed. To ensure a smooth and organized workflow, we will be utilizing Node.js, Angular CLI, GitHub, and Docker for containerization.

Step-by-Step Process:

Version Control with GitHub:

Create a new GitHub repository to track the source code of the Angular application.
Use Git to initialize version control in your local project directory.
Create a .gitignore file to specify files and directories that should be excluded from version control (e.g., node_modules, build artifacts).
Commit the initial codebase to the local Git repository.
Setting Up the Angular Application:

Ensure you have Node.js and Angular CLI installed on your local machine.
Create a new Angular project using Angular CLI:
arduino
Copy code
ng new your-angular-app
cd your-angular-app
Development and Testing:

Develop and test the Angular application locally to ensure it works as expected.
Use version control effectively by making frequent commits and writing meaningful commit messages.
Building the Angular Application:

Use the Angular CLI to build a production-ready version of the application:
css
Copy code
ng build --prod
This will generate a "dist" folder containing all the required files to run the application.
Dockerization:

Create a Dockerfile in the root of the project to define the Docker image for your Angular application.
The Dockerfile should start from a base image with Node.js pre-installed.
Copy the contents of the "dist" folder into the Docker image.
Expose the necessary port for the Angular application to run (e.g., port 80).
Docker Image Creation and Testing:

Build the Docker image using the Dockerfile:
Copy code
docker build -t your-angular-app .
Test the Docker image locally to ensure everything is working correctly:
arduino
Copy code
docker run -p 80:80 your-angular-app
Access the application in your web browser at http://localhost:80.
Amazon Web Services (AWS) Setup:

Log in to your AWS account and navigate to the EC2 Dashboard.
Launch a new EC2 instance, choosing the appropriate region, instance type, and network settings.
Ensure that the security group associated with the EC2 instance allows inbound traffic on port 80 (HTTP) so that users can access the application.
Pushing to Docker Hub (Optional):

Optionally, you can push the Docker image to a container registry like Docker Hub to make it accessible to other developers.
Create an account on Docker Hub if you don't have one.
Tag your Docker image with your Docker Hub username and the repository name:
bash
Copy code
docker tag your-angular-app your-docker-hub-username/your-angular-app
Push the image to Docker Hub:
bash
Copy code
docker push your-docker-hub-username/your-angular-app
Deploying the Docker Container on EC2:

SSH into your EC2 instance using the provided public key (or a key pair you generated during instance creation):
css
Copy code
ssh -i /path/to/your-key.pem ec2-user@your-ec2-instance-ip
Pull the Docker image from Docker Hub (if you pushed it):
bash
Copy code
docker pull your-docker-hub-username/your-angular-app
Run the Docker container on the EC2 instance:
arduino
Copy code
docker run -d -p 80:80 your-angular-app
Final Steps and Submission:

Document the entire process, including all the commands used, in a well-structured README.md file.
Mention the GitHub repository link in the README.md file for tracking and reviewing the code.
Verify that the deployed Angular application is accessible from the public IP address of the EC2 instance.
Finally, submit the GitHub repository link to the management for review and assessment.
By following these steps, the Angular application will be successfully deployed on a Docker container hosted on an AWS EC2 instance, allowing other developers to collaborate and contribute to the project efficiently.